So let's see you can a coupon for an them.
When will combers.
And then you can see we have coupons right here so inside of that coupon to sit on the top of coupon
and you can tie that name right here.
So we're going to have cowardness by going to something like that 20 percent of you know the orders
and for here you can see we have these can type and see what percent percentage.
So for example percentage.
And we have about 20 percent.
These come in you having your card at $100.
The only person is going to be these kind of $20 that you can fix this guy and maybe you want to give
a discount of $10.
It doesn't matter if the user has $50 or $100.
Play the coupon they are going to say $10 in both ways.
And finally we have the fix.
So fix it and they fix the problem.
This can't.
So maybe you can apply these come to a specific brokes Maybe you have some brokes that they are not
being sell in the last months or weeks.
And you can perform so on these cards too.
That is specific brokes and not on the card.
For example the fix it got in percentage This guns bought out of these guns.
So the entire card in the case of these these will perform the viscount in a specific products in this
case we want to use that person touch these called.
So we're going to any person race you and I you can see we have a lot of reshipping.
Check this box.
The coupon grants free shipping.
So you can create as a coupon for free shipping and you can add the expiration date right here.
So maybe for a lounge and you can create a coupon maybe you can have one week or something something
like this and what you want to publish they keep on AD So for example right here you can see that your
search interest directions and you can see the kind of the spend.
So you can for example at $100 and then you can apply these coupons and deny that the maximum.
So that's a right that you can see that we have check this box if the coupon cannot be used in conjunction
with other coupons.
So maybe you have different coupons in your website bad.
You only want that you can exchange only when coupon in this case.
This one got her nest back 20.
So you can check these and you can also see that we have check this box if the coupon sure should not
apply to items on sale.
So maybe you already have some guidance on said they are really really cheap and you don't want to have
some extra discussions to have those pacy robes and of course you can apply this coupon to specific
products or exclude some specific products.
I play these coupons to some categories so as to scroll some categories everything you can't control
right.
You then you have to use such limits.
You can for example I love the you said only to Jay-Z's once or two times or 20 on the might of times.
It's up to you.
And that's who you are if you want to apply these to all the items in the cart or the limit that a user
Normally I keep this is the false day of using these coupons is that we can sell everything but maybe
you have some rules maybe you don't want to.
Maybe you want to add these cons to some specific products and so you only want to limit the usage of
this coupon to only one client or one time per client.
That's up to you.
So all of these and you can see this is like the gold companies and up in the front and so we can apply
this coupon and see this in action.
So we're going up and the Stallworth's are going to take these Bukhara and they're going to add something.
So we can see these.
I don't know for rates year of the day that and you can see for example we have one candidate in four
in one hundred and forty five dollars that you can click on coupon go and apply the coupon.
So now you can see we have the discount savings plan in nine dollars.
That's something nice and you can see we're saving a good amount of money in this way.
You use that again probably to check out Mbaye that amount.
That's something really nice.
So a blog with the coupons you will find different rules right here something that you can apply.
So play with the coupons you will find these really really powerful in looks like they think you know
these are nurturers that you come face to play with these options are you having the coupons you will
find these Bunnell really powerful.